Hancock with always best care of
Richmond is here with us this morning
welcome back limb thank you very much
that's nice to have you let's remind
everyone what always best care is all
about the primary objective for always
best care is to assist seniors to stay
in their home whether that's their home
they've lived in for 50 years or if
that's a senior community or an assisted
living that they're living in currently
today we do that with in-home care
services at like personal care and
companion care sitter services and then
we do a senior housing consultation if
someone does have to find an assisted
living community to move into so those
are very important services but another
component to always best care as you
mentioned is this consultation when it's
time maybe to find a community that's
right for you your team works to find
that match that's right Jessica some of
these places are like cruise ships they
have stuff to do from morning till night
but there are over 80 assisted living
communities in the Richmond area and
determining which one of those fits your
budget and your needs and your lifestyle
and location preferences can be daunting
and that's where we come in we will sit
down with the family and go through what
their budget is what their requirements
are and we will narrow it down and take
them personally on a tour of communities
that fit their needs and this is not of
cost to the families that are looking
for the consultation no it's a
complimentary consultation for the
families and the way that we are
compensated is by partnerships that
we've developed with the assisted living
communities
you